0. Basic Principles

	The original source files must be located on the directory
	'source', and they contain both CMSP and CTTN lines.

1. How to transfer source files from msp to WS
	1-1. File transfer
		You can transfer files from msp to WS by using ftp.
		#ftp host(130.54.50.60) ------genesis
		login inspidas
		%cd source
		#msend in('d52362.inspida3.source.fort')

	1-2. Proceesing the files
		The files from msp contain line numbers and blanks 
		at the end of each line, and you have to remove them as follows.
		a. Make a list of files you want to process.
		   %unalias ls 
		   %ls > files
			then edit the file 'files'.
		b. Execute a shellscript which removes the blanks and the line numbers.
		   Make sure that there exist a file named 'mkcmd.awk' as well as 
		   'spccut'. These scripts are on the directory 'tools/conv'.
		   %spccut

2. How to compile the source files on WS
	2-1. 
		The CTTN must be replaced with blanks in the source files before
		compilation.
		There are two tools available:

		cut.cttn : replace CTTNs in the specified file with blanks.		
		 (Usage cut.cttn < filename > output.filename)
		mkttn.all : relpace CTTNs with blanks in all the files on the directory
					'source' and copy them to the directory 'load'.

	2-2. Compilation
		 There is a makefile on the directory 'load'. You can just execute it
		 or modify it.

3. How to transfer source files from WS to msp
	3-1. 
		The CMSP must be replaced with blanks in the source files before
		transfer.
		There are two tools available:

		cut.cmsp : replace CMSPs in the specified file with blanks.		
		 (Usage cut.cmsp < filename > output.filename)
		mkmsp.all : relpace CMSPs with blanks in all the files on the directory
					'source' and copy them to the directory 'msp'.

	3-2. File transfer
		You can transfer files from WS to msp by using ftp.
		#ftp host(130.54.50.60) ------genesis
		login inspidas
		#mrecv in(msp) out('d52362.inspida3.source.fort')

		All the files on the directory 'msp' will be copied to msp as the
		members of the partitioned data set.

	3-3. Proceesing the files
		The files from WS does not have line numbers and you should renumber
		them. 
		a. edit each member and use the editor command 'renum'.
		b. save the member.

4. How to compile the source files on msp

		There is a command precedure 'inspida3.utility.clist' which compiles,
		links, and makes an executable load module.
		It has the following members:
		CMPSPALL : compiles multiple members of source.fort. The file 
				   'inspida3.temp.load' will be created.
		CMPSP    : compiles a specified member of source.fort.
		LOADSP   : makes an executable load module. The file 'inspida3.load'
				   will be created.
		CMPVPALL : VP version of CMPSPALL.
		CMPVP    : VP version of CMPSP.
		LOADVP   : VP version of LOADSP.

5. Bugs
	5-1. NMANAL
		In the subroutine RDPREC, precep output data are read in.
		The local array ATWK is defined as CHARACTER*2, whereas ATNAME
		is CHARACTER*4.
	5-2. VP
		 When compiled for VP, the following warning appeared:
		 'line 54100 in utility. MXCMSZ will not be initialized except in a
		  block data statement'
